I've divided my talk into three main parts.   

First I'll talk about "Who we are A.M.I" , then I'll mention organizational structure , 

 and finally , i'd like to deal briefly with my missions in entreprise. 

 

Ok, let's move on to fist point . 

 

 1 )  

A) Who we are  ?  

We are the company A.M.I 

was created 40 years ago by an electronics and industrial automation enthusiast, 

Mr Jean pierre LACLAMETTE, It has been managed for 10 years by Mr francois LACALMETTE, 

Its headquarters are located in France, 80 km from Paris, in Normandy. 

Today we manufacture "control / command" equipment for the following fields of activity: 

  The OIL, CHEMISTRY, shipbuilding, NUCLEAR, STEEL and ENERGY PLANTS (thermal and hydraulic) industry. 

Our products are present on 5 continents, 

either through sales through engineering, or through our distributors or through our exhibitions. 

 

B)  Strategy:  

- Continue to create products that meet your needs. 

-Improve existing products further in order to increase their performance  

 

C) Our History : 

  For 40 years, we have been working with 

large international groups such as:  

- ALSTOM  

- AREVA  

- AIRBUS  

-SNCF  

-TOTAL  

who have become our references 

  

D) Our Culture and Mission  

  

- 40 years experience in the field with customers in all technologies  

- A permanent presence with a technician "at YOUR disposal" who can advise you in the best of YOUR 

interest and answer you most diverse questions especially during the stat up operation 

- An almost permanent stock allowing a fast delivery including in case of breakdoxn if in beacame necessary. 

- Amanifacturing integrating multiple tests including an endurance test before putting in stock. 

so, it is always possible to find cheaper at the time of the order. 

But real price is the necessary amount spent to get to the end of the installation start up. 

 

secondly, I'd like to consider : 

2 ) 

organizational structure : 

 

 

 

 

But Before going on, I'd like to take a moment to explain their features 

Director :  

 

 

Account : 
It monitors the processing of customer and supplier invoices. It draws up a monthly statement of the company's accounting situation. it establishes staff pay slips, tax and social declarations. She sends reminders to customers who have not paid their bills. 

Storekeeper : 

she is responsible for stock management, components for the manufacture of products.She is in charge of shipping finished products, as well as receiving components from suppliers. 

purchasing manager : 

He is in charge of purchasing all the components necessary for the manufacture of A.M.I.He is in permanent contact with the storekeeper, on the management of the stock of compasants 

Developer :  

 
He is in charge of all the modifications requested by the director on the product software. He also performs the tests as well as the installation on the finished products. 

Technician : 

He is responsible for manufacturing, testing the company's products 

As I mentionned earlier, my missions within the company 

3)  

My mission 

 

 

 

 

 

So , just before I finish , let summariez the main points again First, Who we are ? , second, organizational structure, and finally my missions within the company. 

 

right, let's stop there If you have any questions , I'd be pleased to try to answer them. 